Yunxiao Sect Lindi passed on the cold saintess of Canglan Gate
Tianpeng Jianzong Imperial Palace Holy Son
Come together today
My name is Rizong
It really makes me shine.
The sect master is in retreat
So I ask
First of all, the western month and autumn are noisy on six
Become a saint of Lingxiao Sect
In addition
I don't have time to waste on little people like you
What about the Ye Wuji you want to see in July?
Why haven't you come yet?
It turns out that Lindy
Oh, Saintess Bulin has broken through the sixth rank
Really congratulatory
Amazing talent
Roughly
This time I put it upside down and really cried
But Xiyue has difficulties
Please urge ASAP.
Night is in no hurry to come here
Saintess Lin has urged people to shout just now
Don't worry.
What needs to be used in the following place?
Just tell me.
You need to rest assured.
My Tianpeng Sword Sect is planning to walk in Jiangnan
Say something
Whatever you want to do today, just do it.
My Skywolf Gate is still there.
This river city
It's not your turn, Canopy Sword Sect, to point fingers
New Moon, ignore this cowhide candy
All the way from Yunxiao Sect to here
I don't have a good mind at all
Huang knows
Why did Ye Wuji come so slowly?
I haven't seen a few holy sons and saintesses soon
Son and Virgin
You are Ye Wuji
It's me, even Ye Wuji
Since you are here
Just signed this one
divorce letter
You are Lin Xiyue from Qunxiao Sect